Mi-8 Assignment

Main Requirements

1) Follow the figma design: Your website design should be similar to the figma.
2) A navbar with a website logo on the left side & 3 menu items on the right side: Home, Donation, Statistics. Make sure to apply Active route on the navbar & the navbar will be displayed in all pages. ✅
3) A banner section having: title, search bar, background image with overlay. Covering the background image from navbar to banner is optional. However, covering only the banner section with the background image is mandatory.
4) Create a json file having at least 12 data. Each data should have: ✅
   a) Picture ✅
   b) Title ✅
   c) Category ✅
   d) Color for category_bg ✅
   e) Color for card_bg ✅
   f) Color for text and button background ✅
   g) Description ✅
   h) Price ✅
5) Home page: Create a section where there will be at least 12 cards. Arrange the cards according to the figma. 4 cards in a row. ✅
   Note: Each card will have 3 different colors:
   ● Background Color for card, ✅
   ● Background Color for category and ✅
   ● Color for title and category text. The color of the text of the category and the title will be the same. See figma. ✅
6) On clicking a card, the user will be redirected to the Donation Details page where he/she will be able to see the details of the Donation. ✅
7) Donation Details Page: This will be a dynamic route. The Donation details page will have the following:
   ● Picture ✅
   ● Title ✅
   ● Description ✅
   ● Donate button having the price ✅
   Note: Make sure that the Donate button background color matches with the text color of the Card in the Homepage. The picture will have an overlay with the Donate button at the left. See figma. ✅
   On clicking the Donate Button, you will have to show a toast/ sweet alert informing the user with a meaningful success message. Do not use the browser alert. ✅
8) Donation page: The Donation Page will show all the donations you have made. Each row will have 2 cards. Each card will have the following: ✅
   ● Picture ✅
   ● Category ✅
   ● Title ✅
   ● Price ✅
   ● View Details button ✅
   Note: Make sure that the background color of the card matches with the background color of the card in the homepage. The category text, price and the background of the View details button will have the same color as shown in the figma. Also, there will be a background for the category. ✅
   The See All button on the Donation page will appear when the Donation cards are more than 4. On clicking the See All button the remaining data will be shown and the See All button will be hidden. You can change the color of the See All button if you want.
   Making the View Details button functional is optional. ✅
9) Statistics page: Create a statistics page where you will have to implement a pie    chart. You cannot use a line chart or any other charts. You will only have to implement a pie chart. The pie chart will be on your donations against the total donations.
   For example: you made 4 donations and the total donations is 12. Calculate the percentage and show it on your pie chart. Follow the figma. ✅

Bonus Requirements

1) You will need to make the search button functional. In the search bar, users can input categories to search for donations. When a category is entered into the search bar, clicking the search button will display only the donations that match the specified category on the homepage.
2) Your Readme file will have at least 3 project features. Add at least five meaningful github commits.
3) Make a 404 route. Reloading the web app should not show a page not found error. ✅
4) The website should be responsive in all devices: desktop, mobile and tablet views. The responsive layout is up to you. ✅